README.md, before:


# Applied Project & Minor Dissertation

![Arch1](https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation/blob/master/img/Archetciture2.png)

![Arch2](https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation/blob/master/img/Archetciture.png)

### Setup
## Features
## Usage (Optional)
## Documentation (Optional)
## Tests (Optional)

---

## Contributing

> To get started...

### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation`
    - pip install cassiopeia
    - pip install riotwatcher

## Average MMR

![MMR](https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation/blob/master/research/MMR.PNG)

## Change Log

- 29/01/2020 - Changed Database from SQLIte to MongoDB
- 30/01/2020 - Connected to monogoDB through mongoose
- 31/01/2020 - Refactored all tables in the database
- 31/01/2020 - Leaderboards added (Server-Side & Client-Side)
- 31/01/2020 - In order to recieve tournament codes from Riot, the matches that are created must be prized. to combat this, i will create a points system, where players
recieve points from winning games. These points can then be spent to purchase in-game rewards.
Submission for tournament codes: http://competitive.euw.leagueoflegends.com/competitive/prized/submit-tournament
- 02/02/2020 - Registration changed from SQLite to MongoDB
- 03/02/2020 - Added Angular Material
- 03/02/2020 - .gitpod.yml
- 16/02/2020 - user authentication
- 20/02/2020 - Retrieve Summoner Data
- 26/02/2020 - Riot API Key Problem
Production App:
Register your project to apply for a Production API Key with access to the Standard APIs and/or Tournaments API. A Production API key requires a working prototype. Production API keys are not for testing purposes. You may submit an application in the planning stage of your project, but your application for a production key won’t be approved until your project is ready for public consumption. Work in progress should be tested using your demo key.

## Helpful Project Links

- https://www.spiderposts.com/2019/07/04/flask-sqlalchemy-tutorial-login-system-with-python/
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48775478/flask-user-login-check-if-user-exists


## Dissertation links

https://medium.com/@SoftwareDevelopmentCommunity/what-is-service-oriented-architecture-fa894d11a7ec

Commit message:

Changing User Check subscribe to ConcatMap

README.md, after:


# Applied Project & Minor Dissertation

![Arch1](https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation/blob/master/img/Archetciture2.png)

![Arch2](https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation/blob/master/img/Archetciture.png)

### Setup
## Features
## Usage (Optional)
## Documentation (Optional)
## Tests (Optional)

---

## Contributing

> To get started...

### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine using `https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation`
    - pip install cassiopeia
    - pip install riotwatcher

## Average MMR

![MMR](https://github.com/ethanhorrigan/Applied-Project-Minor-Dissertation/blob/master/research/MMR.PNG)

## Change Log

- 29/01/2020 - Changed Database from SQLIte to MongoDB
- 30/01/2020 - Connected to monogoDB through mongoose
- 31/01/2020 - Refactored all tables in the database
- 31/01/2020 - Leaderboards added (Server-Side & Client-Side)
- 31/01/2020 - In order to recieve tournament codes from Riot, the matches that are created must be prized. to combat this, i will create a points system, where players
recieve points from winning games. These points can then be spent to purchase in-game rewards.
Submission for tournament codes: http://competitive.euw.leagueoflegends.com/competitive/prized/submit-tournament
- 02/02/2020 - Registration changed from SQLite to MongoDB
- 03/02/2020 - Added Angular Material
- 03/02/2020 - .gitpod.yml
- 16/02/2020 - user authentication
- 20/02/2020 - Retrieve Summoner Data
- 26/02/2020 - Riot API Key Problem
Production App:
Register your project to apply for a Production API Key with access to the Standard APIs and/or Tournaments API. A Production API key requires a working prototype. Production API keys are not for testing purposes. You may submit an application in the planning stage of your project, but your application for a production key won’t be approved until your project is ready for public consumption. Work in progress should be tested using your demo key.
- 26/02/2020 - Observables in Typescript are asynchronous, this causes many issues with user authentication to solve this problem i used
ConcatMap (https://www.learnrxjs.io/learn-rxjs/operators/transformation/concatmap)

## Helpful Project Links

- https://www.spiderposts.com/2019/07/04/flask-sqlalchemy-tutorial-login-system-with-python/
- https://stackoverflow.com/questions/48775478/flask-user-login-check-if-user-exists


## Dissertation links

https://medium.com/@SoftwareDevelopmentCommunity/what-is-service-oriented-architecture-fa894d11a7ec
